Feature/core 1142 research uses custom action (#37)
OpenSesame/core-github-actions: tf-plan-comment/README.md

### Overview

> The tf-plan-comment composite action initializes actions/github-scripts. Brining the script under under core-github-actions allows us to be more modularize. We can now make any changes to the desired output in one area and have it apply to all the repos utilizing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tf-plan-comment composite action initializes actions/github-scripts. Bringing the script under core-github-actions allows us to be more modularized. We can now make any changes to the desired output in one area and have it apply to all the repos utilizing it.
```
